# Team 15 / ErrorByNight
## Back End Group Meeting 
### Attendance
- Eric Chen
- Usman Kadir
- Alex Levine
- Alex Towfigh
- Bruce Zhou
### 11/09/2022 14:00 Online Zoom
  
#### The agenda of what is discussed
- **Any old unresolved business from the previous meeting**
  - Reviewing our roles and responsibilities
  - CI/CD pipeline
  
- **Anything that was on the agenda but was not discussed (save for next meeting's old business**
  - How will the API work? (should we just download all the data first?)
  - Is front-end handling all the Javascript?
  - How to use workflows? Recommend using templates or simple workflow?
- **Any decisions made & their reasoning (if there were dissenting opinions include them, then write why the group decided to make that decision anyways)**
  - Using GitHub Actions as the way to implement the CI/CD pipeline because that was what we did before in the labs
  - We will start with a Simple Workflow action rather than a template because the templates are linked with a certain action
  
- **When the meeting finished**
  - 15:00
   